Project description
You work as an analyst for the telecom operator Megaline. The company offers its clients two prepaid plans, Surf and Ultimate. The commercial department wants to know which of the plans brings in more revenue in order to adjust the advertising budget.
You are going to carry out a preliminary analysis of the plans based on a relatively small client selection. You'll have the data on 500 Megaline clients: who the clients are, where they're from, which plan they use, and the number of calls they made and text messages they sent in 2018. Your job is to analyze clients' behavior and determine which prepaid plan brings in more revenue.
Description of the plans
Note: Megaline rounds seconds up to minutes, and megabytes to gigabytes. For calls, each individual call is rounded up: even if the call lasted just one second, it will be counted as one minute. For web traffic, individual web sessions are not rounded up. Instead, the total for the month is rounded up. If someone uses 1025 megabytes this month, they will be charged for 2 gigabytes.
Surf

    Monthly charge: $20
    500 monthly minutes, 50 texts, and 15 GB of data
    After exceeding the package limits:
        1 minute: 3 cents
        1 text message: 3 cents
        1 GB of data: $10

Ultimate

    Monthly charge: $70
    3000 monthly minutes, 1000 text messages, and 30 GB of data
    After exceeding the package limits:
        1 minute: 1 cent
        1 text message: 1 cent
        1 GB of data: $7

Instructions on completing the project
Step 1. Open the data file and study the general information
File path:
/datasets/megaline_calls.csv Download dataset
/datasets/megaline_internet.csv Download dataset
/datasets/megaline_messages.csv Download dataset
/datasets/megaline_plans.csv Download dataset
/datasets/megaline_users.csv Download dataset
Step 2. Prepare the data

    Convert the data to the necessary types
    Find and eliminate errors in the data

Explain what errors you found and how you removed them.
For each user, find:

    The number of calls made and minutes used per month
    The number of text messages sent per month
    The volume of data per month
    The monthly revenue from each user (subtract the free package limit from the total number of calls, text messages, and data; multiply the result by the calling plan value; add the monthly charge depending on the calling plan)

Step 3. Analyze the data
Describe the customers' behavior. Find the minutes, texts, and volume of data the users of each plan require per month. Calculate the mean, variance, and standard deviation. Plot histograms. Describe the distributions.
Step 4. Test the hypotheses

    The average revenue from users of Ultimate and Surf calling plans differs.
    The average revenue from users in NY-NJ area is different from that of the users from other regions.

You decide what alpha value to use.
Explain:

    How you formulated the null and alternative hypotheses.
    What criterion you used to test the hypotheses and why.

Step 5. Write an overall conclusion
Format: Complete the task in Jupyter Notebook. Put the programming code in code cells and text explanations in markdown cells, then apply formatting and headings.
Description of the data
Remember! Megaline rounds seconds up to minutes, and megabytes to gigabytes. For calls, each individual call is rounded up: even if the call lasted just one second, it will be counted as one minute. For web traffic, individual web sessions are not rounded up. Instead, the total for the month is rounded up. If someone uses 1025 megabytes this month, they will be charged for 2 gigabytes.
The users table (data on users):

    user_id — unique user identifier
    first_name — user's name
    last_name — user's last name
    age — user's age (years)
    reg_date — subscription date (dd, mm, yy)
    churn_date — the date the user stopped using the service (if the value is missing, the calling plan was being used when this database was extracted)
    city — user's city of residence
    plan — calling plan name

The calls table (data on calls):

    id — unique call identifier
    call_date — call date
    duration — call duration (in minutes)
    user_id — the identifier of the user making the call

The messages table (data on texts):

    id — unique text message identifier
    message_date — text message date
    user_id — the identifier of the user sending the text

The internet table (data on web sessions):

    id — unique session identifier
    mb_used — the volume of data spent during the session (in megabytes)
    session_date — web session date
    user_id — user identifier

The plans table (data on the plans):

    plan_name — calling plan name
    usd_monthly_fee — monthly charge in US dollars
    minutes_included — monthly minute allowance
    messages_included — monthly text allowance
    mb_per_month_included — data volume allowance (in megabytes)
    usd_per_minute — price per minute after exceeding the package limits (e.g., if the package includes 100 minutes, the 101st minute will be charged)
    usd_per_message — price per text after exceeding the package limits
    usd_per_gb — price per extra gigabyte of data after exceeding the package limits (1 GB = 1024 megabytes)

How will my project be evaluated?
We’ve put together some project assessment criteria. Read over them carefully before you get to work.
Here’s what project reviewers will look at when assessing your project:

    How you explain the problems identified in the data
    How you prepare the data for analysis
    What graphs you plot for distributions
    How you interpret the resulting graphs
    How you calculate the standard deviation and variance
    Whether you formulate the alternative and null hypotheses
    What methods you use to test hypotheses
    Whether you interpret the results of your hypothesis tests
    Whether you follow the project structure and keep the code tidy
    The conclusions you come to
    Whether you leave comments at each step